Hi, hi there.
Welcome to this lesson.
For today, we are going to listen to two
audios, two conversations, and you are
going to answer two questions.
For conversation number one, you are
going to say, and write in the chat box,
Where does Felipe live?
Para la conversación número uno, ustedes
la escuchan y van a decir en los
comentarios, ¿Dónde vive Felipe?
Where does Felipe live?
And for number two, it is going to be Marcos.
Where does Marcos live?
Y lo mismo hacen para la número dos, pero
en esta vez con Marcos.
we are going to watch a video and tell
me, Do you think San Andres is a lively city?
Tell us in the comments below.
Remember, every step forward is a victory.
Todo paso que des hacia adelante en este
programa inglés y en este emprendizaje,
proceso de aprendizaje que estás
teniendo, es una victoria.
Felicitaciones por llegar hasta acá.
Congratulations and bye bye.
Good luck.